[Music]
this is what it looks like most of the
time hey guys welcome back to my channel
so in today's video I'm actually going
to be getting my hair cut I haven't cut
my hair for about a year and a half and
I cut it probably around here I'll
insert a picture right there of what it
looks like
I also just want something different
it's like at the point where it's too
long it comes about to my high-waisted
jeans right here and the same thing if I
turn around like it's pretty it's pretty
long I don't know I just need to change
I'm just nervous because I have a
certain way I want it to look and I put
in trust in someone that I don't know to
chop my hair off which is really scary
but it'll grow back and I just hope what
I've chosen to be the look I'm going for
will look good
I'll see it the salon looks awful free
spirit a wild thing and you're terrified
somebody's gonna stick you in a cage
maybe you're already in that cage and
done with yourself
[Music]
No
I
[Music]
do you love it oh yeah good thanks do
you like the layers see yeah how these
ins are like really short so I am back
from the salon I went to and big earlier
come my hair was so nice it was such a
good experience honestly and I'm
definitely going to do that again but
look how short this ponytail is this was
probably the biggest thing that was like
the biggest change but my ends they feel
so good look how nice that looks
compared to earlier I feel so nice she
styled it too so she curled it so what I
got was a trim my hair like you saw
before it came down to like right here
and so she cut off like that much and
she literally got it right where I
wanted it I wanted it right in this like
arm crease right here and that's like
exactly where it is then I got layers as
you can see in here it's curled so they
kind of blend in a little bit towards
the bottom because she didn't like curl
up towards my face but yeah the shortest
layers are like right here and I wanted
Wong her layers because I like I like
want to be able to pull my hair in a
ponytail but now it's gonna look so good
it's like all the different hair styles
I can do I love it guys it just looks so
good yeah this is great
it looks so much better than it did
before I'll just give you another look
at the bottoms so guys I know this is
kind of your random video but I hope you
enjoyed it if you did give it a thumbs
up subscribe down below and I will see
you next Tuesday alright guys bye Miyabi
underneath the Fong
[Music]